multimc: init (#160960)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2205.section.md

- `idris2` now requires `--package` when using packages `contrib` and `network`, while previously these idris2 packages were automatically loaded.

> - `multimc` has been replaced with `multimc-bin`, which is a self-updating
>   package that uses official binaries from upstream. Users with existing
>   installations need not take any steps, as the new package stores data in the
>   same locations as the previous one.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Due to upstream FOSS complications `multimc` has been moved to `multimc-bin`, which is a self-updating package that uses official, but unreproducible binaries. PolyMC is a fork that does not have MultiMC's FOSS issues and does not self update. Users with existing installations who want to switch to PolyMC should rename `~/.local/share/multimc` to `~/.local/share/polymc`. The main config file's path has also moved from `~/.local/share/multimc/multimc.cfg` to `~/.local/share/polymc/polymc.cfg`.
```

Author: I think "upstream FOSS complications" seems a little vague. There should probably be some reasoning stated, but I'm not sure exactly what to say that would be appropriate for a changelog.

Reviewer 2: upstream FOSS complications could be a link to the discussion that led to remove MultiMC from nixpkgs and also this PR if needed at all.
